[DOCS][Cases][9.3 & Serverless]: Add time range filters in all cases view (#4181)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/alerts-cases/cases/manage-cases.md

## Manage cases [manage-case]

In **Management > {{stack-manage-app}} > Cases**, you can search cases and filter them by attributes such as assignees, categories, severity, status, and tags. You can also select multiple cases and use bulk actions to delete cases or change their attributes. 

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3.0` To find cases that were created during a specific range of time, use the date time picker above the Cases table. The default time selection is the last 30 days. Clicking **Show all cases** from the date time picker restores this default range.

Author: Let me test this one more time. My notes could be wrong on this one.

@christineweng can you also verify Melissa's comment above?

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3.0` To find cases that were created during a specific range of time, use the date time picker above the Cases table. The default time selection is the last 30 days. Clicking **Show all cases** from the date time picker restores this default range.

Author: I think you're right, @melissaburpo -- on both fronts! How's this:

```suggestion
{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3.0` To find cases that were created during a specific range of time, use the date time picker above the Cases table. The default time selection is the last 30 days. Clicking **Show all cases** displays every {{elastic-sec}} case in your space. The action also adjusts the table's time range to the date of when the first case was created. 
```
